test/testScripts/README.md, before:

## fullBuild.groovy
This script is called by test.groovy to run a full build by creating a new “automation” branch from the feature branch specified in the command line argument. It verifies the below requirements
- Full build ran clean
- Number of expected build files equal the number of files build during the full build in the console.
- Build files expected is the same as build files during the full build in the console.

## impactBuild.groovy
This script that is called by test.groovy to run an impact build against all the program file specified in the [test.properties](/test/applications/MortgageApplication/test.properties). It verifies the below requirements
- Impact build ran clean
- Number of expected build files equal the number of files build during the impact build in the console.
- Build files expected is the same as build files during the impact build in the console.

## resetBuild.groovy
This is a maintenance script that runs at the end of this test pipeline to delete collections and build result groups.

Commit message:

quick readme update
Signed-off-by: Dennis Behm <dennis.behm@de.ibm.com>

test/testScripts/README.md, after:

## fullBuild.groovy
This script is called by test.groovy to run a full build by creating a new “automation” branch from the feature branch specified in the command line argument. It verifies the below requirements
- Full build ran clean
- Number of expected build files equal the number of files build during the full build in the console.
- Build files expected is the same as build files during the full build in the console.

## fullBuild_languageConfigurations.groovy
This script is called by test.groovy to run a full build and multiple user builds specifically to validate the the language configuration override capability. It verifies on
- fullBuild to see the expected overwrite for cobol_compileParms
- userBuild TC1 to have a successful override of a previously defined file level property
- userBuild TC2 to validate a failing override and check on an expected warning message

## impactBuild.groovy
This script that is called by test.groovy to run an impact build against all the program file specified in the [test.properties](/test/applications/MortgageApplication/test.properties). It verifies the below requirements
- Impact build ran clean
- Number of expected build files equal the number of files build during the impact build in the console.
- Build files expected is the same as build files during the impact build in the console.

## impactBuild_properties.groovy
This script is called by test.groovy to run an impact build on an update of the Cobol.properties. It verifies
- that all expected files got build

## imimpactBuild_renaming.groovy
This script is called by test.groovy to run an impact build on a renamed source file. It verifies
- clean build
- that the file with the new name is built
- that the logical file with the original name is deleted from the metadata store
Please note : This script is committing a potentially breaking change to any potential following test scripts.

## impactBuild_deletion.groovy
This script is called by test.groovy. It runs a fullbuild first to set the baseline and then to execute an impact build after a source file was deleted. It verifies
- that the deleted file is correctly detected
- that the deleted output file is removed from the build library
Please note : This script is committing disrupting changes to the test branch and need to run at the end.

## resetBuild.groovy
This is a maintenance script that runs at the end of this test pipeline to delete collections and build result groups.
